BeConverter (v.1.x)
Copyright © 2000, 2001 Ramshankar
All rights reserved.


End User License Agreement (EULA)
Definitions
The term "author" refers to Ramshankar unless and otherwise specified. The term "software" refers to the BeConverter program that accompanies this license, any copy or part thereof, and any associated physical media (e.g. CD-ROM, floppy). The term "you" refers to the individual or entity that uses or will use the software.

Agreement
By installing and/or using this version fo the software you agree that you have read this license, that you accept and are bound by all its terms and conditions, and that it is the only agreement between the author and you regarding this version of the software, the included documentation, the data files and/or other data. If you do not accept these terms, you must not install or use the software and/or any parts thereof and the program and all parts thereof must be removed from any/all of your computer systems. This End-User License Agreement (EULA) only grants you a license to use/copy/modify/distribute the software (as per its terms). The sole ownership of the software, its documentation, source code and all other data files remains with the author.

Program License
You are permitted to copy and distribute this software as many times as desired provided you keep the entire package intact without altering any of its contents including the source code, the program itself or the documentation. If you wish to make any changes to the package before distribution, please contact the author of this software for a permission.

You are allowed to distribute this software (as a whole including but not limited to this documentation, data files etc.) for monetary benefits to any entity. This includes "bundling" this software in priced shareware collections or commerical distributions. If you wish to "bundle" this software as part of a commercial distribution or make the software as such commercial, contact the author for a written and signed agreement.

If you wish to "bundle" this software in non-commerical (freeware) distribution prior information regarding the distribution and the software must be sent to the author.

Source Code License
The source code of this program is not released by the author for public viewing/alteration/distribution. Thereby, you may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble or otherwise attempt to reduce the software and/or any parts thereof to a human perceivable form.

Disclaimer
Because the software is licensed free of charge, there is no warranty for the software. The copyright holders and/or other parties provide the software "AS IS" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the software is with you. Should the software prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction.

In no event will the copyright holder, or any other party who may modify and/or redistribute the software as permitted above, be liable to you for damages, including any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the software (including but not limited to the loss of data or data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by you or third parties or a failure of the software to operate with any other programs), even if such holder or other party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

Governing Law
This EULA shall be construed and its performance enforced under the law of India as if made and performaed in India by residents of India and shall be subject to the jurisdication of the High Court of Judicature at Madras, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressely disclaimed.



If you agree to all the above terms and conditions of this EULA, click "Agree".
Clicking "Disagree" will cancel the installation process.
